Organism's traits:

Speed
Dimension
Food detection range (Food Radar) 
Temperature sensibility (It depends on an organism's dimension).
Children Quantity

They also have a range of value [min value, max value]: 

(1) Speed [1,5]
Speed is a trait that allows him to advance multiple positions at the same time.
The higher the speed the higher the food consumption.

(2) Dimension [50,200]
Dimension is a trait that allows determining how much food the organism can eat.
An organism with a higher dimension could eat more but it will consume more energy.
Dimension affect also temperature sensibility.
The higher the dimension the higher the food consumption.

(3) Food detection range (Food Radar) [1,3] 
It's a trait that allows the organism to detect food all around him.
The higher the radius the higher the food consumption.

(4) Temperature sensibility. [no Value]
It's affected by the organism's dimension.
A big organism will resist better to cold and it will suffer higher temperature.
Instead, a small organism will resist better to hot and it will suffer slower temperature.

(5) Children Quantity [1,3]
It's the quantity of children that an organism can do.

Organism varies its representation depending on its traits' value.
Dimension: the organism radius is directly proportional to its dimension.
The chromatic range of the organisms ranges from dark colors tending to black up to bright red.
Speed ​​(Red), Food Radar (Brown) and Children Quantity (Purple) affect color.
What strongly influences color is the speed of the organism.
At high speeds the color will turn to bright red, while at low speeds the color will be dark.
The remaining traits, on the other hand, influence the chromatic range in less relief, resulting in nuances: the lower the value, the more they affect with a light hue of the associated color, on the contrary the more the value increases, the darker the hue becomes.

It is possible to choose some initial values ​​of the simulation from the menu, after which clicking on Start will open the simulation.
(*) Food Quantity: Quantity of food available in the environment. 
(*) Food Variation: Food daily variation.
(*) Initial Quantity: Organism initial quantity.
(*) Temperature: Environment temperature. 
(*) Dimension: Organism initial dimension. 
(*) Speed: Organism initial dimension.

In the simulation there are three buttons: Start / Stop, Back, Settings, the first allows you to pause and resume the simulation, the second allows you to return to the main menu, the third allows you to go to the settings.